Hey it's Bruno here.
Oh my God this app looks amazing.
I love this redux thing and look at this.
Logging is going to be awesome I think our developers are really going to enjoy this.
And I think our app can scale really really well now with us being able to keep track of all these actions.
Super awesome job.
Really glad I hars you well.
Brunos definitely excited about our work.
I think we're doing some good work for him but there's still lots more to learn and I have a feeling
he's going to ask us to do a lot more things.
Let's review what we just learned and I'm going to go through these diagrams that may not have made
as much sense to you at the very beginning.
But now it should be quite clear.
We had react that allowed us to manage state with this state but not very well.
Once our app grows it can get pretty hectic and get to a state where our component looks like this with
all the states that need to be managed.
Luckily for us with redux we're able to create a store and have these actions dispatched to the store
and all the connected components would just listen in.
And the cool thing about it is that we didn't have to pass down props anymore.
We can just connect our component wherever we want we can connect this one if we wanted to we can connect
this one whichever component we want to connect.
That was up to us but it made everything in one location nice and easy.
Now our app would look like this.
And then we finally talked about why use redux Well it makes sense now.
It's great for managing large state.
We can share data between containers and now we understand the three principles which make it very predictable.
The first one is the fact that it was a single source of truth.
We just have one massive javascript object to worry about.
That describes our app our state the state is also read only.
Every time our reducer spits out a new state.
So we're never modifying anything.
And we can always do cool things like go back in time and run through the actions to see what state
we derive out or what state we end up getting into the view such as typing a into the search wheel and
getting the appropriate robots.
And then finally all the changes are made using pure functions a great technique that avoids the side
effects so that our apps are really really predictable.
We learned about this diagram and how everything flows nicely you know directionally we have actions
that may or may not go through metal whereas we have reducers we have store.
We make changes.
And any time there's an action we go back and have this uni directional flow.
And now instead of having those apps that let's say use Jay Querrey back in the day that had all these
complex logics that we can reason about or we couldn't make sense in our head can now look like this.
Everything flows nicely.
And then finally the last point is that redox doesn't mean that he can use this dot state any more for
things such as perhaps a small sign in form we might want to still use this state here because we don't
need to put everything in a read X store.
We as developers can decide what goes into this or store and what is a minor and unimportant enough
that we can still use this state react in redox work well together and we architect what our app should
be like.
Finally this all is starting to make sense now this critical render path have just been improved.
We learned that Westpac helps us bundle these files in a nice easy way so that we can deliver the most
optimized javascript files to the front end.
And in the performance part 2 section you're actually going to learn a few more tricks that we can do
with what pack in order to optimize this.
We also now understand why redux and re-act work well together.
One for react to minimize the number of Dohm updates that we need to make.
It's going to TELEGIN decide what exactly needs to get rendered and redux adds onto the react by making
it easier for us to understand as our apps get bigger and bigger.
All right.
That was a tough section but I'm glad that you got here this far.
I hope you keep going because there's lots of other goodies coming up.
I'm looking forward to it.
I hope you are as well.
I'll see you in the next one.